CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to React-Music
 Thanks for taking the time to check out the project :kissing_closed_eyes:

### There are a bunch of things you can do to help out!
- [Contributing to the Code Base](#contributing-to-the-code-base)
- [Contributing to the Docs](#contributing-to-the-docs)
- [Report a Bug](#report-a-bug)
- [Workshop an Idea](#workshop-an-idea)
- [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct)

<hr>

### Contributing to the code base

Before you start hackin' away, check out our [open issues](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues) and see if theres anything you can help out with. If those aren't the droids you're looking for, open a [new issue](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues/new) to discuss your idea with the crew. :sunglasses:

Done all that? Ok let's get crackin'...
- [x] Fork! [react-music](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music) github page
- [x] Clone! `git clone git@github.com:YOUR-GITHUB-USER-NAME/react-music.git`
- [x] Install! `npm install`
- [x] Run! `npm start` <sub>React hot loader enabled</sub>
- [x] :fire: _Slap those keys to the beat_ :fire:
- [x] Commit your code with a detailed message of your changes and push it up to remote! 

<sub>There is no testing suite implemented quite yet, so remember to make sure everything is working properly before committing</sub> 
  
- [x] Create a PR from your fork! (https://github.com/YOUR-GITHUB-USER-NAME/react-music)

Be sure your pull request describes exactly what you have changed and why you are changing it. If what you are changing is related to a posted issue, refer to it in the title like this: #ISSUE-NUMBER

Nice one, now gimme some knucks :punch:

### Contributing to the Docs
Come one come all, are you a fluent english speaker? Cool, we could use you! Good tech is only good when people can figure it out, that's what makes clear documentation so important. If you see anywhere that could use a little sprucing, you could open a [new issue](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues) and chat it over. Or if you're feeling confident, dive right in. 

### Report a Bug
When you're writing code, you're writing bugs. They're out there. If you come across one, first check out the open and closed [issues](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues). If your problem isn't anywhere to be found, we'd love to hear about it. 

:sparkling_heart: _We'd love it even more if you verbosely described what's happening._:sparkling_heart: 

Heres a few tips to formatting your post when filing an issue

- [x] **Expected Behavior**: Tell us what should happen
- [x] **Current Behavior**: Tell us what happens instead of the expected behavior
- [x] **Possible Solution**: Not obligatory, but suggest a fix/reason for the bug
- [x] **Steps to Reproduce**: Provide a link to a live example, or an unambiguous set of steps to reproduce this bug. Include code to reproduce, if relevant
- [x] **Context**: How has this issue affected you? What are you trying to accomplish?
- [x] **Your Environment**: Include as many relevant details about the environment you experienced the bug in.

<sub>Ex: Project version, Browser name & version, Operating system and version (desktop or mobile), Link to your project</sub>

Of course, this is what the perfect world bug report would look like. If you come anywhere close to this, our feelings toward you would best be expressed in the words of the esteemed DJ Khaled... :musical_note:_["You smart, you loyal, you grateful. **I appreciate that**"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll9nfNlDLII)_:musical_note:

### Workshop an Idea
Quick story. In a land of two steves... yadda yadda yadda Steve Jobs. I think you got my point. Ideas are money, you know this! You don't have to be an engineer to contribute, if you come up with something you think the project could benefit from, and you don't see it being discussed in the [issues](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues)...[spill it](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues/new)! This doesn't have to be limited to just feature requests. Planning, strategies...any brain power that feel will power the machine are very welcome. If you feel what you got is worth sharing, do your best to organize your thoughts and take the time to write out a detailed post. 

:collision:**You got this!**:collision:


## Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

### Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience,
nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and
orientation.

### Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

### Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

### Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting the project team at lauren.eastridge@formidable.com. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that
is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is
obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.
Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good
faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other
members of the project's leadership.

### Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,
available at [http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4][version]

[homepage]: http://contributor-covenant.org
[version]: http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/

Commit message:

Reformat, welcome all beings
Changed <sub> formatting to code blocks, i think this looks better maybe? Also, speaking english is cool and all but now officially welcomed all living life forms

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to React-Music
 Thanks for taking the time to check out the project :kissing_closed_eyes:

### There are a bunch of things you can do to help out!
- [Contributing to the Code Base](#contributing-to-the-code-base)
- [Contributing to the Docs](#contributing-to-the-docs)
- [Report a Bug](#report-a-bug)
- [Workshop an Idea](#workshop-an-idea)
- [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct)

<hr>

### Contributing to the code base

Before you start hackin' away, check out our [open issues](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues) and see if theres anything you can help out with. If those aren't the droids you're looking for, open a [new issue](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues/new) to discuss your idea with the crew. :sunglasses:

Done all that? Ok let's get crackin'...
- [x] Fork! [react-music](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music) github page
- [x] Clone! `git clone git@github.com:YOUR-GITHUB-USER-NAME/react-music.git`
- [x] Install! `npm install`
- [x] Run! `npm start` <sub>React hot loader enabled</sub>
- [x] :fire: _Slap those keys to the beat_ :fire:
- [x] Commit your code with a detailed message of your changes and push it up to remote! 

````
There is no testing suite implemented quite yet, so remember
to make sure everything is working properly before committing
```
  
- [x] Create a PR from your fork! (https://github.com/YOUR-GITHUB-USER-NAME/react-music)

Be sure your pull request describes exactly what you have changed and why you are changing it. If what you are changing is related to a posted issue, refer to it in the title like this: #ISSUE-NUMBER

Nice one, now gimme some knucks :punch:

### Contributing to the Docs
Come one come all, are you some kind of living life form? Cool, we could use you! Good tech is only good when people can figure it out, that's what makes clear documentation so important. If you see anywhere that could use a little sprucing, you could open a [new issue](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues) and chat it over. Or if you're feeling confident, dive right in. 

### Report a Bug
When you're writing code, you're writing bugs. They're out there. If you come across one, first check out the open and closed [issues](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues). If your problem isn't anywhere to be found, we'd love to hear about it. 

:sparkling_heart: _We'd love it even more if you verbosely described what's happening._:sparkling_heart: 

Heres a few tips to formatting your post when filing an issue

- [x] **Expected Behavior**: Tell us what should happen
- [x] **Current Behavior**: Tell us what happens instead of the expected behavior
- [x] **Possible Solution**: Not obligatory, but suggest a fix/reason for the bug
- [x] **Steps to Reproduce**: Provide a link to a live example, or an unambiguous set of steps to reproduce this bug. Include code to reproduce, if relevant
- [x] **Context**: How has this issue affected you? What are you trying to accomplish?
- [x] **Your Environment**: Include as many relevant details about the environment you experienced the bug in.

```
Ex: Project version, Browser name & version, 
Operating system and version (desktop or mobile), Link to your project
```

Of course, this is what the perfect world bug report would look like. If you come anywhere close to this, our feelings toward you would best be expressed in the words of the esteemed DJ Khaled... :musical_note:_["You smart, you loyal, you grateful. **I appreciate that**"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll9nfNlDLII)_:musical_note:

### Workshop an Idea
Quick story. In a land of two steves... yadda yadda yadda Steve Jobs. I think you got my point. Ideas are money, you know this! You don't have to be an engineer to contribute, if you come up with something you think the project could benefit from, and you don't see it being discussed in the [issues](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues)...[spill it](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-music/issues/new)! This doesn't have to be limited to just feature requests. Planning, strategies...any brain power that feel will power the machine are very welcome. If you feel what you got is worth sharing, do your best to organize your thoughts and take the time to write out a detailed post. 

:collision:**You got this!**:collision:


## Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

### Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience,
nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and
orientation.

### Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

### Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

### Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting the project team at lauren.eastridge@formidable.com. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that
is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is
obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.
Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good
faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other
members of the project's leadership.

### Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,
available at [http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4][version]

[homepage]: http://contributor-covenant.org
[version]: http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/
